everyone it's Natalie so I just got back
from a music festival and and I was
going through my mail and I found that
my scroller box came so I'm going to be
unboxing this but okay so I open it up
and let's see you at this month good
it looks pretty snazzy so here is the
scroll box logo stickers holding all
this goodies inside okay so I'm gonna do
it like this so with every box you get
like oh gosh you get like a little
sticker they vary like every month or
every box so that's what it looks like
and a little paper that has the
challenge on the back and then all the
products on the front so Wow I like this
box okay
so holy moly so here's our box oh my
gosh that's my favorite part
so they always come with a candy and
it's usually no not usually it's always
a foreign candy that you can't get in
the United States so this one is swivels
freshers strawberry flavor it feels like
Laffy Taffy so I'm excited to eat the
ink okay so I want to start off with
this one and this is the I believe it's
pronounced Edler try plus mobile office
so okay a bike came off I'm just going
to open this wow this is really nice
okay so this is really like convenient
I'm probably going to bring this to like
school so I don't have to carry all of
my huge a spends their own because I
have literally like a thousand of them
okay next
Kohinoor highlighter pencil so I got a
yellow green and orange and they're
super bright super fancy
so these over here okay next is the
stubby low point max so stuff marker I
have a ton of these so this is what it
is just like a permanent and I think no
it doesn't do anything so yeah here's
that nice little pointy marker for
sketching and then these mamajamas and
lighter fluorescent tag they look very
nice so yeah take this out it always
comes with like a featured artist
so chip White House so those are
featured artists and then it also comes
below with a nice sketch book and this
is neon pink this is actually really
good quality paper I'm gonna seize the
markers and scuffles leaders are going
to like the last page let's do purple
that's just one line and there's a
little bit of ghosting I can't see you
can kind of tell on camera there's a
little ghost thing but I actually does
it bleed through which is really nice so
you could totally use markers on this
you could probably even do watercolor so
really nice little T if this one will
please you're probably but let's see I
will layer it a little bit that's pretty
practical I mean yeah yeah this doesn't
really bleed three they're just a little
bit of ghosting um I really like that
they thought about what kind of
paper in the sketchbook to actually add
in so that the tools are practical to
use on okay so the challenge for this
box is workspace highlight you have to
create something that is that fits
within the same workspace highlight and
it's kind of funny because this is like
the office space type of kit from step
lurk so workspace kind of I guess and
then the rest of the stuff is like
highlighters and watching you call it so
wow that's a great punch swallowing
great poems I'm going to go ahead and
probably do a time-lapse of this and put
it in the end of this video but before I
leave I just wanna say thanks for tuning
in guys thanks for being patient with
like uploading videos and stuff got a
lot of positive feedback for my last
video so it kind of made me want to make
another one so again thanks buddy
you
[Music]
Oh